Add 6.2.0 upgrade notes about check configs for non-existent namespaces (#2922)
sensu/sensu-docs: content/sensu-go/6.2/operations/maintain-sensu/upgrade.md

    parent: maintain-sensu
---

## Upgrade to Sensu Go 6.2.0 from any previous version

As of Sensu Go 6.0, it is not possible to delete namespaces that were referenced in other resources.
However, before Sensu Go 6.0, sensu-backend did allow you to delete a namespace even when other resources still referenced that namespace.
As a result, pre-6.0 users may have resources, including check configurations, that reference non-existent namespaces.

Upgrading to Sensu Go 6.2.0 requires sensu-backend to upgrade check configurations.
If you have check configurations that reference non-existent namespaces, the 6.2.0 upgrade operation will fail with an error like this one when it encounters one of these check configurations:

{{< code shell >}}
{"component":"store-providers","error":"the namespace test does not exist","level":"error","msg":"error enabling round robin scheduling,backend restart required","time":"2020-12-27T08:41:59Z"}
{{< /code >}}

At this point, the backend will be effectively halted and subsequent restarts will result in the same state.

> Assuming a Sensu backend running on localhost with the [jq utility][7] installed and an API key available as $SENSU_API_KEY, the following illustrates how to identify checks referencing deleted namespaces:

Author: ```suggestion
The following commands use the [jq utility][7] to identify checks that reference deleted namespaces.
These commands use a Sensu backend running on `localhost` in the example URL and the environment variable $SENSU_API_KEY to represent a valid [API key][8].
```
